Special abilities v2, mostly Flak (#4)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/tyranid-objectives.adoc

= Tyranid Objectives

> Always ready for a krumpin, Orks will often charge into melee before the enemy has even realised that the Orks are close enough to charge them!

Reviewer: This is definitely in the wrong place... :-D

Author: Yeah... 🤣

That was going to be swapped out for something about the Nids only caring about biomass rather than holding ground etc.

```suggestion
The Hive Mind hungers only for biomass and genetic material, and doesn't hold ground or capture objectives.
```

---

> Apply these rules to Tyranid armies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you field a Tyranid army, apply these rules:
```
The construction in this suggestion supports other changes below.

Author: See A Dying Race. I don't think it's a good idea to arbitrarily change how the abilities are constructed.

However I thought this was a specific enough case that we didn't need to use the full 'Apply these rules to [units/detachments/armies] with the {keyword-attribute} ability:' version, and save ourselves a {keyword-attribute} that's going to be very rarely used.

Author: Suggestion added to commit batch.

> * The army does not use objectives, regardless of scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The army does not use objectives, regardless of what scenario you play.
```

> * The army does not use objectives, regardless of scenario.

Author: A couple of choices of bullet point to choose from, depending on the final choice for army morale phrasing...

> * If an enemy detachment is wiped out, add its morale value to the Tyranid player's army morale in the Rally phase. [either/or]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After you destroy an enemy detachment, add its morale value to your army morale in the Rally phase.
```

Author: As above, 'destroy' is effectively a reserved term for specific types of war engine deaths.

Author: I've added this to the commit batch, but I'm still not a fan of add/remove for army morale.

Author: This didn't get committed, somehow...

> * If an enemy detachment is wiped out, in the Rally phase the Tyranid player's army morale goes up by the detachment's morale value. [either/or]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Again, nasty old convoluted passive case. Bad practice, better ways to do it. GW and others use it waaaay too much.

Author: If we use the raise/lower version:
```suggestion
* If an enemy detachment is wiped out, raise the Tyranid player's army morale by the detachment's morale value in the Rally phase.
```

Reviewer: I don't think you understand what I mean about [passive case](https://epicremastered.com/contributors-guide/a-to-z-of-style.html#_p).
Raise/lower is a different issue (this is active where 'goes up' is not and where 'rises' would've been equivalent — but both are a bit figurative, 'add/remove' is better per other conversation).
There's also third person in the original construct.

My suggestion replaces passive/3rd and with active/2nd. It also replaces the figurative 'goes up' with plain 'add'.

Author: Marking as resolved as this was an alternative bullet point option for the one that is being committed above.

> NOTE: If the enemy detachment is a war engine that has been destroyed -- rather than being wrecked -- this is in addition to gaining half the war engines's morale value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the enemy detachment is a war engine, and you destroyed it -- not wrecked it-- then you gain these extra army morale points *and* the usual points equivalent to half the morale value of the war engine detachment.
```
However... what should happen if the detachment has multiple war engines and only one was destroyed, maybe on an earlier turn?

Author: 'you destroyed it' doesn't feel appropriate for a Catastrophic Damage Chart result, as that's a second-order effect rather than an action that you performed.

'points equivalent to half the morale value of the war engine detachment' is a horrible mouthful. ;)

> However... what should happen if the detachment has multiple war engines and only one was destroyed, maybe on an earlier turn?
And this is another reason why the suggested replacement doesn't work - the extra army morale for a 'destroyed' enemy war engine is per-war engine not per-detachment.

To be honest, I'm not tied to keeping the note and it's just a reminder that getting a destroyed result on a solo enemy war engine is going to give you 150% of its morale value. So we can delete it.

```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I wasn't entirely happy with my formulation of the paragraph. But the point was to clarify the specific chart result as opposed to disambiguate more general use of 'destroyed'.

As to the horrible mouthful - maybe, but I'd argue that your original construction isn't wholly clear about the relationship and difference morale value with army morale. Also I sought to remove the two avoidable -ing words and replace passive case with active.

However, I agree that we're probably safe to lose the note here — so let's do that rather than labour over it. We can always return to it in future if we have second thoughts.
